Episode 1
Welome Mr Murat
What's up?
Same as when you left.
To the company or home?
Home
Which one?
Ours
I thought so
Then why do you ask?
That is life. It's not certain. I thought maybe you'd make a difference today.
You drive life.
And you know, I do not like change.
Now hurry. They're waiting for me to eat breakfast with them.
Ipek
Huh.
Girl I'm having a dream where I can smell real Menemen.
Oh, it's not a dream. I can smell it really well.
Ah, what a nice friend. Asli is probably making us a surprise.
Don't be ridiculous. Asli is on duty.
So who is making the Menemen then?
This is a real Menemen smell.
Just like my mother's. It is my mother's
Breakfast is ready! Wake up now!
And this is the real voice of my mother
Mother!
That's my mother!
What is my mother doing here?
Wake up now, lazy girls
When did you come mother?
At 6.
What are you doing with my stuff?
I'm packing it.
But why aunt Emine?
Her father says this is enough.
He said "Go and get the girl."
You know what your father says, happens
He said "Well, her school is finished and she can't find a job, so she has to come back home.
He said "She left to go to school but hasn't returned"
"From now on, she will be by my side."
I swear I did not say this, your father did.
My father said all of this? But I spoke to him and did not say anything.
My daughter dear, of course he wouldn't say it to you! Your dad wont leave me alone! Always complaining.
Welcome aunt Emine.... Goodbye Hayat.
Here, take this!
What's our move?
Do you prefer an aggressive approach or constructive?
Should we attack or retreat now and then attack from behind?
Let him pass.
You sure? There's no turning back.
I'm sure.
When are you going to grow up?
You still want to play with me, so much time has passed, only the size of cars increased.
An older brother is enough for a household.
And I'm quite happy with my situation...
Welcome, brother.
Welcome.
But right from the road was ours, Mr. Doruk.
This is how life is without mercy, dear Kerem.
An attack can change the entire balance.
So bro, what did you do?
Did you conquer Ankara for us?
Did you increase power to the Sarsilmaz name?
Something like that. What about you. Where do you come from at this hour?
Oh, and we have a meeting today. You know, right?
I do not want to go into details, but it was a busy night.
Even if it wasn't like your performance in Ankara.
I had a small operation to extinguish a flashlight.
So I think I'll sleep all day.
The discussion is closed. You have 30 minutes. Get ready, we're leaving together.
They truly persecute me in this house!
Welcome!
Remember, we have half an hour.
But you see, half an hour is not enough to be able to finish the questioning from grandma.
How's it going, my sultan.
Where have you been, little donkey, huh?
You know I was in Ankara for work.
I know that much! I have not become that senile, thank the Lord.
But tell me, what took you so long?
Well, it was necessary.
What?
Don't tell me that there is a bride you have found in Ankara that you haven't told us about.
You know, you're not going to reveal easily.
Look, if she is from Ankara, that's good. It's the capital. The girls there are good.
Come on, I don't ask for too much.
She should at least be decent.
Have an education and the ability to cook.
Be fertile and respectful of elders, that's all.
Seriously, I was just there to work.
Now forget about me, tell me about yourself.
How are you, good?
Come on boy, how can I be better? Living under the same roof with that sinister woman, how can I be better?
Do not say that, she will hear you!
Eh! Is it a lie?
Come on now.
You are so cute.
Derya!
Yes?
Somehow, you have not managed to get ready yet.
Are you saying I'm slow, Nejat?
See, I'm getting ready.
Can you hurry up a little bit, please?
I'm sure Murat is already here.
And what?
He came for breakfast this morning!
This boy is punctual, let's not make him wait.
So you're saying that I love to make people wait?
Oh of course, we shouldn't make Mr Murat wait.
Good morning!
Good morning, dear Murat!
I told them to prepare breakfast outside.
Oh, I know.
Do you need something, dear?
No, I'm going to wake Doruk.
Doruk came?
He came and he went straight to sleep, so that's why I'm suspicious.
If he came back in the morning, let the poor boy sleep.
Woe woe woe, the conqueror of Ankara.
Welcome!
Come here!
How did the meetings go?
Ankara is fine. It's now time for the Milanese group.
Oh... That meeting is today, isn't it Murat?
Where is Doruk? Has he not woken up yet?
He came in the morning Nejat, let him sleep.
What do you mean?
Go and wake him, he should come to the meeting too.
Nejat dear, let the boy sleep.
Indiscipline has its price, does it not dear?
He will leave tired today.
Asli, you're just in time! Do you have Sublingual Tablets? I'll take anything you have!
Fadik aunt, look like a drug store?
I'm just a nurse!
What is going on?
Hell is breaking loose inside!
Why? What happened?
Aunt Emine came.
That's good!
I'm glad she came!
That's what I said too.
I said "Hello dear, how are you?"
And what did she say? My dear aunt Emine.
Hayat's father has told her to come get her.
Since she could not find a job, she has to return to her hometown.
How?
Emine aunt came to take Hayat back to her hometown?
But she can't do that!
My daughter did they put tranquillisers in your tea at the hospital?
They're going at each other! Mother and daughter!
Someone must intervene now.
Run.
If you're going have me by your side, why did you let me study here in the first place?!
Oh you studied? So what did you study!
What is happening!
By the way, welcome, aunt Emine.
I came well, I came good, but I'm not pleased with what I met.
Aunt Fadik, please tell her something. My mother wants to take me back as if I'm a child.
Why are you doing this, Emine?
I'm not doing anything!
Her father is doing it! "Today is the last night," he said and that's it.
But Mom, today I have two interviews.
And that is exactly what your father said.
He said "If she finds a job today it's fine. But if she fails, take her hand and bring her here."
Should we buy bus tickets now?
Or should we leave it for after breakfast?
Thanks a lot, Ipek.
Oh, what can I do?
You think it's easy to find yourself a job in Istanbul?
Emine aunt huh? Your father is right.
Why do you say such things?
That's life, you can never know what will happen.
No, I am Hayat and what will happen is crystal clear.
Also, I am already legal age. You can't force me to do something I don't want.
Your father said he will not send anything, not even a penny.
Stay here to see how hungry you'll be, even if you are of legal age.
Oh, why should she sit here hungry? I am here too. I have a lot to feel everyone.
Fadik! Don't be on their side. You're the one who gives them hope anyway.
My girl!
Today is final. Either you find a job today, or else you go back home.
That's it.
I swear it's not me. All her father.
Now, since the whole family is here,
I want to tell you all something.
I'm deciding to retire.
I will come and I will go now, six months from now, I'll quit.
I do not understand.
What will happen after this six months?
I will look at your performance.
And decide who will become the head of the company.
But no need to do that. Doruk and I can lead very well together.
I agree!
A job only has one boss, Murat.
Even if you are brothers; if there is a dispute, who will decide the final? Huh?
Dad is right. This job has one boss and that would be you. I can continue my life as it is.
This is great!
There is no time for jokes, dear Doruk.
Your father is talking about an important issue.
Your mother really says something for the first time.
Look at how your dad's company has grown. It has given us success. In the future, you will want the same with your children.
Speaking of kids...
Oh, mother, please, if you start talking about children and grandchildren, it will never end.
Exactly grandma. Plus Doruk and I do not have time now, right Doruk?
Brother, you leave before me and after I eat this fruit salad, I'll catch up, I promise.
Good appetite.
What happened. Why are we stopping?
We've overheated.
What do we do now?
We'll see. Let me go have a look.
So, Kerem?
The water has finished.
What?
It has no water.
Bring the water and then let's go.
The engine has to cool down first.
I'll be late.
I'll call the company and tell them to bring another car.
Leave it, leave it. Not enough time. I will take a taxi.
Stay at home a bit!
Everyone wants to take a taxi, especially today.
I gotta get to this interview! If I don't get the job, I have to go back home!
There is something called public transportation! Wh is everyone after this luxury?
Taxi!
Oh no, that's not a taxi.
Sorry.
Where to, beautiful.
The pits of hell, you want to come with me?
Get out of here! Don't be confused by my looks, I'll attack you with my tongue!
Leave!
Huh, beautiful.
Rude!
Snob...
Are you free?
Of course! I just ordered a toast here, I'm going to take it and come immediately.
Okay.
Okay, okay. I'll close it, let's go.
But this is my cab.
Congratulations, but I didn't ask who's it was. I said let's go.
No, you've misunderstood.
Please, sir, you haven't understood me at all. I don't have time for a big delay. I'm late, let's go!
Lady, please leave, I'm getting in this cab.
Of course, you'll get in, so we can go.
How would you drive without getting in?
Anyway that's the problem.
I'm not a driver, I am a customer.
You are no longer a customer.
And why is that?
Because my job is very urgent. In fact, this is a life and death situation.
My job is also urgent.
We can go together if you want.
I get off at my destination, then you continue yours.
For what?
Why should I go in taxi with a stranger?
Do you know the taxi driver?
No.
But you will go in the same car with him.
There's a difference, do you understand?
How so?
Okay fine!
I would rather walk than go by taxi with a man I don't know.
Two men that you do not know. The taxi driver is a stranger too.
Are you okay?
You're inhumane!
A monument of selfishness!
What else should you be?
Monument of selfishness?
It's good now brother, come, where are we going?
Do you know the Sarte building?
The one in Levent?
Exactly.
If you do not want to answer the phone, please put it on silent. It's bothering me.
Same thing I wanted to tell you myself.
The phone that is ringing is not mine.
It's not mine either.
She must have dropped the phone.
We'll give the phone to the Lady and then continue our way.
Okay.
Did all the troublesome people agree to ruin my day?
There bet around. Who will make Hayat lose her minds first?
Mate, am I a betting coupon?
Look at that man "Do you know the taxi driver?"
Yeah, sure, I know him!
Miss!
He is a friend of my father's!
He has logic, but gentlemanly actions? Zero!
Miss!
What is happening-
Are you following me?!
No no.
What do you have in your hand then?
A phone.
Are you trying to ask for my number?!
Look lady, you've got it wrong again and my patience is ending.
I misunderstood what? What did I misunderstand?
Look at the man. His patience is ending.
You're shoving the phone in my face as an excuse to ask for my number!
Give me that!
What did you do?!
I drew the line, enough!
Stop, wait.
Have a good day!
If my eyes are finally free of this prison, I request the payment and discharge.
What are you trying to do, Nejat?
You put a stick of dynamite inbetween two brothers.
You make them fight each other.
Of course not, they wouldn't do that mother.
Of course they will not, but your wife will.
Oh mother...
I don't know why you can't get along with her.
That Derya has a problem with us.
For God's sake, mother, please.
Who is "we"? And who is Derya? What are you trying to say?
We are the Sarsilmaz family, and she is the third party trying to separate us!
You mean our end is an uphill battle?
Go ahead. Mock me. If Murat becomes the head of the company, World War 3 will begin!
Mother...
Murat Doruk and are the same for me.
But you also know, as the youngest, his head is in the clouds and irresponsible.
I hope he will wised and return when he will be burdened with responsibility.
Or, we both know...
Murat will head the company in the end.
Welcome, Mr. Murat.
I want the product quality reports on my desk by 4.
The reports before 4.
What about statistics required for group meeting with Milan?
It's ready, sir.
But... There is a small problem with this.
What is it?
They called five minutes ago and said they would be late.
Well, the meeting starts in 10 minutes anyway, doesn't it?
Yes, they said they would be delayed for up to an hour.
Cancel the meeting, but don't inform them.
The meeting is cancelled, they will not be informed.
What do you mean, sir?
You'll inform about the cancellation of the meeting, when they will arrive. They will be taught about not wasting other's time.
Milan meeting is cancelled. Boss is very angry!
Why has the lift slowed down?
Something went wrong yesterday, I informed the repair service. It should resolve immediately.
Immediately is too late.
The issue ought to be solved yesterday.
It't too late now. Yesterday. Yesterday!
How's the photography for the catalogue? Has it begun?
Yes, everything is going according to schedule.
Let me confirm.
I couldn't reach you. What happened? Did you get the job?
One second. Asli called too. Let me add her.
Hayat I need to know, please tell me you got the job and don't have to go home!
Admit it, you couldn't do it. Well, we'll send a bus at the end of the evening.
I don't know because a few moments ago, I didn't come our of an interview, but a dumpster.
What? Did you not have the interview in Maslak?
Oh, Ipek, please don't push it. I'm in no mood for jokes.
I could not get a cab and then I threw the phone in the trash because of an annoying man!
Oh, girl, why did you take your anger out on the phone? It was almost new, you could have used for a long time!
Girls, it's not what it seems. I'll explain when I come home.
People would think he's a decent man. That snob!
So you're saying that he was hansome?
Look, take notes, next time you see a beautiful boy, give him your number, do not throw it in the trash.
If I see him again, I know what I will do.
What will you do?
I'll give him what he deserves, Asli!
Nevermind, I should go. I missed the first interview, I shouldn't miss the second.
What's next?
Secretary position at the textile company, Sarte.
Guys, I can see that the right shoulder of her dress has fallen. Fix it!
We're waiting for Lady Didem but...
Just do as I say.
Didem, dear. What is the problem?
I think it's a shine on the left side of my chin.
I wish her the brightness disappears so we can do the work.
Dear!
You have such a wonderful physique that no one will notice your chin.
Can you see the mole on my leg?
That's not a problem Miss Didem, we can edit it.
Okay.
Okay
We'll start, if you're ready.
Okay, very good.
Now what?
Tuval, my nail varnish is ruined!
Think of it as a talisman, okay honey? Let's continue.
Okay
Okay, I'm taking the photo's now.
That's great.
Murat!
Welcome, dear!
I don't want to interrupt, continue.
Welcome, dear Murat.
How's it going, Tuval?
We'll see but we haven't got the chance to start!
How is the decor, Mr. Murat?
What is the theme?
The theme is this: Ms. Didem is a socialite and she wears one of our dresses at a party.
And she will do this lying down on a couch?
What?
If she is going to a party, why is she on a couch?
Serdar?
Yes, Mr. Murat.
Why is Didem on the couch?
Since the pictures come out better when I'm lying.
We're not trying to see Ms. Didem, but the dress, Serdar huh?
You are right, Mr. Murat.
Of course, we also know this.
Please do what needs to be done.
Did he something bad about me, Tuval?
You're so carefree.
We must not be affected by the evil eye.
Everyone wants Murat.
They are jealous because we have a relationship.
Oh, so you and Murat are in a relationship?
Yeah, we see each other 5 days a week.
Yes, you see, because you are working in the same company.
No, we go to launch ceremonies and meetings together, too.
Wow. We do too.
Regardless.
He responds to my messages and call me back when I call.
And you know, sometimes I spend the night at his house.
Because he is kind, dear. Plus, a reply and response have the same intentions. It would be better if you knew that.
Then what is my connection with Murat, if not a relationship?
Spending time for fun. Murat does not like commitments and expectations.
Look, Tuval.
If I say that I have a relationship with a man, then I do. If not, I'll make it happen. Anything I want, happens.
Capiche?
Not capiche.
Do not forget that the other side is Murat.
Murat, Surat, not a problem. They are men anyway.
Did you finish early?
I waited for the group Milan, but none came.
I cancelled it.
Murat Sarslimaz spitting again.
In short, it is one of those lucky days.
As if that was not enough...
My dad called now. He said he had an old friend, Mr Kemal, and to wants to hire his daughter.
As an assistant.
And what's wrong with that?
Her father told our father to give her a hard time and show her the business world.
You need to be yourself, that's enough.
It's not professional. I don't want to work with someone I can't fire.
At least, is the girl is beautiful?
Thanks, Cagla.
Enjoy your drink, Mr. Murat.
Enjoy.
So here is the cage in which your dad wants to close you in, my love.
Yes, honey, but he will not be successful.
I'll do the interview quickly and tell my dad that we couldn't get along; that they didn't hire me.
Well, honey, the job is basically yours. What will you do?
I'll do everything I can to lose the job. I've lived my life until now as my father wanted.
I learned 4 languages because he wanted me to.
But now it's enough. I want to live my own life.
What if you tell your father the truth?
Dad can not tell a bird from a crow, Gokce.
He will die when I will say that I want to watch the birds with my friend and I want to live in a tent.
He wont understand us. Don't worry, I'll handle everything.
Yes, sir.
Excuse me, I came for an interview.
Me too.
4th floor.
Thank you.
A girl, Suna Pektas, has already received job.
I work hard. Crawling my way here.
I hate it most how these people get the job they want without effort.
You're right, Cagla.
Plus, these girls study abroad at the expense of their fathers and then come here.
Why, it takes so long to get to the 4th floor.
Why does it go slowly?
It's a bit broken. It will be repaired soon.
Mr Murat hates these types of support. Support from money.
You havent heard the best part. Mr Murat will surely make this girl's life miserable.
Now I feel bad for her.
Not coming?
What the hell? I come across maniacs all day!
What? 4 languages?
What school?
University of Michigan?
Bravo, she worked hard.
She even has a master's degree.
Japanese, Russian, Arabic, English.
She really does not need help.
They would hire her without her dad's help.
Excuse me, I'm here for an interview.
Well, last office on the right.
Thank you.
With pleasure.
Hi.
I came for the interview.
Welcome, Suna...
Pektas! We were expecting you.
No, it's not like that-
Yes, yes it is. Nejat told us what to do.
You work as an assistant. You need to complete and sign this contract and you'll bring it tomorrow, when you start.
Tomorrow?
Would you have wanted to start next week?
What?
Oh, you don't like the position.
No, no, that's not it.
What? TL 3000?
That's the minimum wage.
Yes? Yeah, I'm coming now.
See you tomorrow.
Hey!
She said 3,000 lira!
But Suna Pektas
But mom...
You again?
I wanted to ask you the same thing myself.
Let me tell you now, you underestimate me and can't fool me with the 'I'm not following you' tricks.
I'm not afraid at all.
This is my job.
What coincidence. It's mine too.
If you'd let me, I'm going down.
Just in case you worry about going in the same elevator with an unknown man.
What department do you work?
Why you ask?
Since I have not seen you before.
Personal care assistance to the assistant head. I mean, I just became it a little while ago.
So it's you.
What? Do not you like?
And maybe you are the commissioner employer.
Something like that.
It's good to know who you are.
Why has it stopped?
It's broken.
Broken? How is it broken?
Why has it stopped? Will it stand it? We're stuck here?
I'm just a commissioner. I don't know anything about elevators.
Get me out of here!
I gotta get out of here! I'm claustrophobic, look, I can not breathe.
Hurry. Do something, quick.
At your command.
Do something, I'm not kidding.
I can't breathe. I'm going to have a panic attack.
Huh
I know what they need to do to claustrophobic people but do not go crazy again.
Do it. Do whatever you know.
I can't breathe. I know myself, I'm going to have a panic attack.
Okay
Relax, it's gone.
You're safe, okay, relax.
You're better, alright?
Relax.
What a nice smell you have.
What is this? You're taking advantage of the situation just to compliment me. Let go!
Don't leave or you will be worse.
I said leave me!
No, keep your word a little.
You told me to help you and I held you.
And now I'm saying let me go.
No.
When the lift starts working again, I will leave you, I promise.
At least admit it, I distracted and prevented your panic attack.
See you.
What is he doing? Pervert.
What is happening?
Doruk, it's you. What are you doing?
What can I say? I was charmed by you.
I swear, you draw like a magnet.
If it is a crime to look good and be attractive, then arrest me. It's okay.
But you have a life sentence, Tuval Yanikoglu.
Those who touch you.... they burn their hands.
That's how hot you are.
You're so sweet. Come here let me smell you.
No, not you either.
I'm going to go crazy! Where is this smell coming from?!
What smell?
The smell of love is in the air, sweetheart. Do you not smell it?
No.
Look, this body is a radar love, okay?
This nose never is wrong.
Anytime I smell this, a love blossoms.
Kenan, Sinem, Beren, Kenan, Halit, Berguzar (all actors)
I smelled all of those with this nose.
Seriously, you scare me, Tuval.
I am not the crazy one. Love is.
But why is love here in Sarte?
Do not talk like that. It is unexpected. It will suddenly appear in front of you when you least expect it.
Fall into it's hands, it will burn through you. Write this somewhere.
Love cannot be understood through words.
Brother, she begins the conversation with cologne and candy. We're done.
What do you want to tell us, Grandma?
Take some candy first.
Have some cologne.
Okay.
Grandma, sweets are okay but cologne is really not necessary.
But if you insist so much, we can not refuse, right brother?
Did we do something wrong without knowing so?
I'm the guilty one since I did not get you married after you graduated.
Oh, and I knew the discussions on grandchildren and marriage wouldn't really be over. So great!
Don't joke about this, Doruk.
Will I not be able to take my grandchild in my arms before I die?
You have us.
It's different.
But why, Grandma? Are we not your grandchildren?
Look how these little donkeys are pretending to not understand what I mean.
Grandma, let me speak for myself. A week has 7 days and I spend eight days to understand this issue.
Just explain, brother.
I'm not talking about that you hooligan!
You've had enough time collecting flowers. Start harvesting some honey!
When you say that Grandma, I feel like a calf breeder.
It is true that you're a calf breeder.
Also, my brother comes before me, when it comes to this.
We have to follow the order when it comes to marriage.
Grandma, I do not want to break your heart, but I've already decided.
I do not believe in marriage.
Oh yeah?
Yes. This love, marriage thing is not for me. Invest in Doruk for that.
I'll throw this cologne on your heads in a second! Little donkeys.
Emine.
Look at this.
He really is a piece.
He is an architect and comes from a good family.
If she doesn't find a job, what if she marries him and wont have to return home huh?
Oh forget it Fadik.
She told me on the phone that received a job but I don't believe it.
I will find a good guy when we return home.
You can't say no and lose this boy. Look, such a gentleman.
Give, let me see.
Look.
Oh, good. Not bad.
Let them meet first eh?
It would be best.
It is impossible not to like him.
You're funny.
Why are you laughing?
He looks like a good boy.
Look, look, give zoom.
Why are you laughing?
I'm laughing at you.
Such a gentleman.
I just wanted a job. A job! I didn't want to be involved in the world of crime.
What do we do now?
For identity fraud, you'll l get 5 years. Know that I can't visit everyday, I can be occupied.
I will visit. my friend, do not worry.
I will not even sleep in my free days just to visit you.
It will also bring clean clothes and books.
As they say, count the days and it will pass quickly.
Can you stop mocking me and give me advice?
What do I do? Shall I be Suna or stay as Hayat? What shall I do?
It's not a problem. You can go to prison and return but if you go home, you will basically be in prison at home.
I think it is best to be honest and when you go to work tomorrow, say "I'm not Suna".
Tell them you're not Suna. If you explain them clearly, they will definitely still give you the job.
Why? Because you're honest.
Sure, they will give a medal too, right?
Do not be stupid, Hayat! You have to go to work tomorrow as Suna or aunt Emine will take you home!
So what? You will find a job. It's not like there are no other jobs left.
And also... aunt Emine is very sympathetic and understanding.
Your hometown is very beautiful.
I do not wanna go to jail or go back home. Especially, I do not want to work with a man so cocky and annoying.
Come on, girl, you have got a great job and start tomorrow. What else do you want?
Come, let's arrange something for you to wear.
Can we have the cheque please?
So brother... Has your assistant started work today?
Your sudden concern about my work is very tearing, Mr. Doruk.
Oh it's difficult to sat anything to you.
I would like to choose my own assistant, but the order comes from above.
Dude, don't exaggerate. All in all he's our father and he asked of something from you.
Oh boy, the problem is not father. It's the girl.
The girl is absurd. Her comments are unnecessary and she argues all the time.
How cool! That's perfect. She's just for you.
Anyway, you still haven't told me if she's beautiful.
I don't know.
"I don't know"?
I don't know, I never looked at her that way.
Okay, tell me honestly, it he hansome or not?
As if I care...
Also, why am I worried is completely different to why you're worried, Asli
I think Asli's right.
Besides, grumpy men are in trend now.
If everything works, you can come back with a lover. Huh?
I don't want a boyfriend like him, not even a garbage can like him. Plus I can't love a cranky man like him.
Snob.
And also she's also spoiled.
Lord thinks he knows everything.
She's annoying.
Total selfish egoist.
Nothing will change, even if she is beautiful.
What position does he have?
What more could he be than an errand boy?
We met in a lift and he says "That's my job". I wouldn't be lowered. "This is my job. I'm a head assistant."
Good response.
What? You didn't you say that you're the boss?
Let's say I didn't have the opportunity.
So the news is going to explode tomorrow.
Not this. Why do all the problems find me?
Who is it?
Didem!
Why don't you pick up?
She doesn't understand. She knows this is our man to man night, yet calls 7 times.
Dude, I do not understand why you get troubled by this. Give it to me, I'll solve this.
What are you doing, Dido?
I'm fine too.
We were just talking about you.
A person appears when talking about them, right? Look, we're going to the club.
Why don't you come?
Look, my brother says he is waiting for you.
Okay dear, bye bye.
She says 'Hi and don't worry, she's on her way and will be here as soon as she can.'
I am very pleased with your efforts.
We can say it's revenge for the morning.
I do not want to stay under the same roof with this man.
Even breathe the same air as him in the atmosphere, but I have to. It's my job.
Anyway, that's not the subject right now.
Girls, I'll start work as a rich man's daughter. What will I wear?
I only have 2 pairs of shoes and my wardrobe is filled with cheap clothes.
Do not worry about shoes, I'll fix that.
I'm wondering if you're going to give her your nurse shoes.
I said I'll fix it.
One moment.
Girl, what have you done? You've literally kept treasure hidden in our room!
What can I do? I love shoes and I thought I would wear them someday so I bought them all!
Girl...
You may get a lover with these shoes.
But hardly leave the hospital, how can you have a boyfriend?
Maybe you could cure a patient...
Or you can find someone sick and make him diseased with love.
Quit messing around with me. Right now the subject is Hayat.
Okay, girl, I could not wear these, but you can. Try them on, let's see.
How is it?
It looks very good!
Very good.
Really well?
Great!
Do not worry, do not worry, you can walk in them.
I admit, this season's collection is great.
Do you like the theme, Mr. Doruk or the fact that it's revealing?
Brother, you know, I like what is natural.
I have to pay more attention to them, not the outfit.
See the girl in red? She's so fine. Just letting you know, she's mine.
Boy, you do not already have three?
Look, I'm just learning from my brother. The head model of our company is with you, isn't she?
She is the one trying to create a relationship. We don't have one.
Hanging out more than one night is a relationship.
A relationship begins and ends with promises expectations.
So for you it ends before it starts.
Exactly.
Yes.
I look like a rich man's daughter with a 5 year old shirt and a skirt that I bought it for my aunt's wedding.
Really, I'm trying to pretend that this skirt doesn't exist. That's how horrible it is.
It might look better if you open this button.
No, no, not that.
I do not want a neckline.
I climb the career ladder through diligence and my abilities, not with my shirt undone.
Girl, men are simple creatures .Send simple signals to their brains.
So it must be more open and you have to know how to use your femininity as an advantage!
Why? People can be successful at work with their brains and skills, understand?
Of course they can, girls like me can have it.
But angelic girls have priority ..
They do not know the capital of Italy, or the number of continents in the world, but they are professional players who control the people.
And my sister came.
I will revenge when we leave.
Hi! Hello dear.
How is it going, Doruk?
Dido, please, currently you're blocking my view.
Doruk dear, can I sit next to Murat or o we have to share a chair?
Okay, I'm getting up.
The goal is to leave the lovebirds alone.
I'll die before I get to work. I'm dying, finished!
Girl, can you not breathe shallow? Say "hm" and keep your breath in? Because you look so fine it fits well.
Miss Nurse, can you not see, her face is blue.
She will need an oxygen tank. It won't work.
I wonder if there is something right in my wardrobe.
There is no doubt.
Pyjamas, nurse clothes, your grandma's clothes.
Girl, you have a closet in trend for retirement homes.
You wait. Wait a minute.
I will return in a moment, in a moment.
Where are we going, dear?
I am going home.
But, I don't know about Doruk.
Doruk dear, tell your brother to stay. Who leaves so early?
Please don't get me involved.
Call a taxi for Didem, please.
Immediately. Miss Didem?
See you then.
Ms. Didem, can we get an interview?
Wow, you just posted her like a package.
I don't want to say this, but the girl is not normal.
Normal people do not come near me.
This isn't going to work. Whatever we have doesn't look good enough.
I'd better go back home. Get under my blanket in my tracksuits. Live life without this worry.
What is this torment.
Wait.
Give me that too.
I think this would work, it's not that bad.
Ipek, are these your pants? Yes
Girl, this looks like the perfect size for you.
Hold it in front of you.
Great, it seems to fit.
We solved it!
What time do I come in the morning?
9 is fine.
So that's all for today.
Yes.
Can I ask you something, because the work is done?
No need to wait until work ends to ask me.
But still, we must distinguish between work and friendship.
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
I'm just a little tired.
Well, if there is a problem, come to me. I do not understand your business, but still
I am a good listener for issues.
I know my friend, thank you.
Take care until tomorrow.
And you.
You're a gem.
Come on.
Dear!
Didem?
My love.
What are you doing here?
I came in different cars, so no paparazzi followed us.
Look, I'm really tired. You're pushing it on the wrong night.
I'm so offended. Do you think I am that inconsiderate?
If you are tired, we can take a shower and watch a movie.
Okay.
Mother, aunt Fadik, please let me sleep otherwise I will be late for my first day.
Exactly.
What kind of job is this?
Your father said,
I should find out what kind of a job this is.
He said, "Be careful that Hayat doesn't lie about a job".
He said "What will she do? How much will she earn?"
I've already understood that from before, now please let me sleep.
What position do you have there?
One of the soon to be CEO's assistant's assistant.
Don't try lying.
What kind of position is that? Assistant's assistant's assistant?
I'm not making anything up mother, you'll see when I get my salary.
Transportation and food is included, right?
They provide it, right?
It covers Fadik aunt, everything is included.
What does this company do, ie, what's the sector?
The sector is fashion and textile, mother, they make clothes.
How long have they been established? Are they stable?
This year they have their 40th anniversary.
They certainly will have a celebration for the 40 years.
That is possible.
What is their profit like?
I mean, what value do their stocks have?
I mean, have they invested? What are their dreams? Tell me which way next?
Why are you laughing?
How could I not laugh, aunt Fadik?
I didn't buy the company, I just work there.
My daughter, my child, don't say that. If the company goes bankrupt, you'll be jobless.
I mean, your father asks, that's why I asked.
He asked me about the profit margin and said we should reconsider after looking at stock prices.
Tell him Hayat said 'Don't worry, she has a great job which she could lose tomorrow because you questioned me.
Ok good night.
She's right.
Look, be strong...
But do not let anyone crush you. Do what you need to do at work, but don't over work.
Browse for your rights, but don't you dare....
get fired
As your father said that he will not give you another chance if you get fired.
And he said he would come and take you here and that's it.
And what do you say, Mom?
What should I say, my daughter?
No, I mean what do you expect from me?
What could I expect, my girl?
I want you to be good, healthy and happy.
What else can a mother want?
But if I go back there, I wont be fine and happy mother.
Do not get me wrong, I'm not saying this because I look down at that place.
I love my hometown.
But if I go back there, it is clear of the life that is waiting for me.
At least, that's not the life I dream of.
That life is not this life, Mom.
At least, don't do that to me.
Come here.
My child... my child.
Okay, okay.
I promise I will not be fired.
Say hi to Dad for me, okay?
I'm late!
I'm really late!
Why did not you wake me up?
What happened to her?
She overslept.
Come on.
My beautiful daughter.
See you.
Miss Suna?
I said Suna.
Are you talking to me?
Is there any other Suna's here?
I do not know, probably not I guess.
Mr. Nejat waiting for you in his office.
Mr. Nejat?
Nejat Sarslimaz.
Big boss, the one who is your dad's friend?
That's right!
Mr. Nejat...
Nejat uncle...
He is my father's friend.
The office is in the last room in the corridor.
Would not it be better to establish me in my office first, to know my colleagues?
I mean, it's not a good first impression to the boss, if I seem so free.
No, you can not.
I mean, you can not postpone it. He wanted to see you as soon as you came.
So it is required.
There is no escape, I suppose.
Okay, then I'll go.
From here?
From here.
I don't know what is going on in her head.
Welcome, Mr. Murat.
Are these the new ones?
Yes, sir.
Did you organise a meeting with the designers?
Yes sir, they will be here at 11.
Bring me a double espresso.
Before breakfast, sir?
If I wanted breakfast, I'd ask. Do you understand Cagla?
How nice, we will be tortured by you today.
Help me, Lord.
Come in, please.
Come, my girl.
So you're Kemal's daughter?
It is something you could say, yes.
Just like her father, great!
Come, sit down.
I do not want to bother you.
Why would you bother me, my daughter, come and talk to me a little about your father.
so...
We couldn't talk much on the phone.
Tell me, what is he doing?
Actually... I ..
But how would you know, right?
He's spent most of the year in Cape Town, how great!
So what?
How much longer until he retires?
Wait, what did he say?
He said something like this year being his last.
So it seems.
He should remarry. Derya and I have said many times, after your mother died, but he refuses.
He has lived his life alone.
Is it not normal when the pain of losing my mother is so fresh?
20 years have passed, my girl.
Is that so?
Has it been so long?
Time flies so fast, Uncle Nejat.
That is true.
For example, I have not seen since you were 5 years.
But before, were you not blonde?
Oh this! It's dye. I'm still blonde.
Anyway, I will not bother you anymore and anger your boss.
My boss?
Your father never told you?
I'm slowly leaving all my work for my sons
So he's grumpy again. If he won't throw this espresso at me, I'll be surprised.
Miss Suna!
Perfect, perfect timing.
Mr Murat awaits you.
Come one after another.
Who is Mr. Murat?
The elder son of Mr. Nejat.
He's very sweet. In fact, in the mornings, he's like a marshmallow.
He asked for an espresso. I thought you could start there.
In fact from now, this is your job.
The room opposite here.
Hurry, hurry, run.
Run.
Enter.
You can put it on the table, Cagla.
Cagla, I mean, Ms. Cagla asked me to bring me coffee.
Enough. This is too much.
What are you doing here?
I've told you, this is my work place.
I understand that much. What are you doing in Mr Murat's office?
What are these positions, hands in pockets, in front of the window?
I'm Murat.
And so what? If you ask 10 people on the street, two of them will say they are Murat.
Just because you have the same name, does not mean you can enter the boss's office.
Oh. You, I mean, you're that Murat.
Murat the boss.
Exactly, can you give me my coffee now?
I apologize.
I'm really sorry.
If I knew, I would not be so...
But you didn't make it obvious that you were Mr Murat.
Thanks for the warning.
From now on, I'll walk around, telling everyone I am Murat Sarsilmaz.
No, that's not what I meant.
Well, the discussion is over.
Suna, right?
No, Hayat.
How?
I mean, my name legally is Suna Pektas.
In my private life, I prefer to be called Hayat.
My father does not know.
I don't want him to think I don't like the name he gave me.
Okay, let's not extend this.
Yeah sure.
The fact that you got this job because of your father means nothing to me.
Indifference is what I hate the workplace.
Therefore, in my eyes, you're not Suna Pektas, but simply an employee.
That's exactly what I am.
Please do not cut me off while I'm talking.
Yes.
Yes, what?
You said not to cut you off, and stopped talking.
Oh, so you can't do work without an order.
You can leave now.
So, said epitome of selfishness, polar bear, turned out to be my boss, Asli, look at what you're saying.
Why are you upset? I'm just saying that every great romance begins with a fight.
Well, that was used in a sense of chasing. It's been hundreds of years since that saying was used darling.
In Hayat's case, she will end up chasing after him, he is her boss. It will be bad
Thanks, girls, you're being really useful. What am I supposed to do now?
It's not just a lie, but suffering that is connected to this job. I say quit.
Don't you dare Hayat. You know what will happen if you do.
Living a life with a lie is wrong.
Life is wrong without lies anyway.
Also, there is no such thing as a good boss, only hard working employees.
You're exactly and hour and a half late for the rehearsal.
And you care only care about makeup, darling Didem?
Look at me, Tuval, for God's sake, look at me.
Turn, let me see.
Look.
Yes.
You really look like a rotten model that was forgotten in the warehouse.
Thanks, Tuval, you're really morale.
I do not work in team morale.
I'm chief designer of this great company, I'm with you right now because I want to do my work on time.
There is no way I can face people like this.
Do not push me, Tuval. I'm very tired, do not push me.
Tell me what happened? Did you carry a heavy weighing bag in the morning?
Last night I was at Murat's home. We slept really late.
I'm not interested in your private life. I don't think it concerns Murat either. If you can try on this seasons creations before the next season, it would be great.
So what are you going to do?
First I'm going to wash my face with cold water. I think my blood pressure rose.
And tell your boss "mmm, you may look fine, but you have no personality."
Don't you dare ruin your decency. Besides, who are you to judge someone's personality?
All right, girls, I'm closing the phone.
Honey, can you give me two tissues, please?
Simply put them on my neck, I don't want powder everywhere.
Merci.
Slowly, I don't want to get water to splash my dress
Do you have any other orders?
I did not have breakfast. Get me fresh orange juice and yogurt with cereal, but no fruit pieces.
For god's sake, look at you.
I can't look, my mascara hasn't dried.
Hurry! What are you waiting for?
Do you know who I am?
No.
Murat Sarslimaz's assistant's assistant.
Is that so? I'm Murat Sarsilmaz's girlfriend.
To my knowledge, there is no position of being the 'boss's girlfriend'.
I am also the face of this company, dear.
Now the stones are falling into place.
What rock are you talking about?
Say, to serve dolls like you, is not part of the job description.
Find your own curier. Have a good day!
Look at her.
Doruk.
Doruk, wake up.
Wake up, Doruk.
Mom, I feel asleep towards the morning, please let me sleep.
Everything that happened to us is because you sleep every morning.
What has happened to us?
You do not see that, right?
You look pretty good.
Son, you're not aware of anything?
Mother would it not be better if you put aside the questions and you talk more openly?
Your brother is at work. Your dad is creating a program for his retirement and you're at home sleeping.
Is that not great?
Everything is in order. Perfect.
You are going to get out of that bed immediately, take a shower and go to work.
Doruk Look, you owe me this. I swear I will not tolerate this.
Okay, okay, okay.
Calm down.
Just relax.
Is it possible you're going through menopause?
Doruk
She probably has.
The agent expects photos to tie to the magazine.
Catalog, speed, agent, photographs.
Why are you waiting here?
If I say, for the bus, this conversation will extend.
I'm waiting for a task.
Why were you hired?
To support your assistant.
Then help my assistant.
Did you tell the sector that we are looking for young designers?
I advertised, sir.
If I wanted advertising, I would have said.
Advertising was not needed. He would have said so.
I need experienced young designers.
We know what we need.
Look at the staff of the rival companies. Offer jobs.
Are we going to steal staff?
I mean, it is not shameful?
In addition, why would they work for you if they already have good jobs?
Ms. Cagla, please tell your assistant she's not here to question my orders, but to execute them.
Because if she can't work without orders, she can at least listen.
Don't question. Execute. Learn to listen.
I wonder if he would die if I was to give him an order.
What is the winter collection's situation?
Designers are going to finish, sir.
But we're still in June.
What did I say?
What is the winter collection's situation?
What did I say along the way? Since you're not taking notes and questioning me, I think you rely on your memory too much.
Did you tell the sector that we are looking for young designers?
If I wanted advertising, I would have said.
I need young designers and experienced staff . Research our rivals.
Let little Miss make the adaptation process.
What is that?
In short, running from floor to floor jobs. Find Edil on the second floor, she will tell you what to do.
I would have gave him a piece of my mind if I had not needed this job. I wonder how it would have been if I didn't have an influence from my 'father'. What a sadist.
Watch where you're going.
Was it just me?
Excuse me, I got angry at someone else and took my anger out on you.
Let me guess, the centre of your anger is from Murat Sarslimaz.
Perfect guess. What strange person is he?
I do not know what the problem is but he enjoys taking his anger out on others.
He gains power through torture. It's a hard case. After examining him, it would take three years to diagnose his illness.
Okay, so he's just like that at work.
I don't think so. Whatever someone is, they will remain forever. Anyone who said else is a liar.
Nobody said it, I speak from experience.
You two are friends?
Somehow.
Please do not tell me that you are more than that, god forbid.
It happens to be my big brother.
See, this isn't good now.
No, it's not a problem. Sometimes my brother deserves these words.
Although, I congratulate you for your courage.
Doruk Sarslimaz.
Suna Pektas, but I like to use the name Hayat.
How could two people be so different Ipek?
How are they from the same parents?
It isn't though. They have different mothers.
One is actually a person, the other is a zoo escapee. I went up and down stairs because of him!
Just think about the money?
I will not get any money because I will quit. Mom is already back in town. I'll just look for another job.
You can not find one.
Girl, why you can not say something nice? I will find a job.
If my name is Hayat Uzun, I will find another job.
It's over.
Go Hayat!
Hayat go.
Has Asli come home early?
I don't know.
Welcome.
Mother?
Did not you leave in the morning?
Your father told me to stay. He said 'With that sharp tongue, no one will keep her for longer than a week.
'Sit and wait. Either she will get fired, or have enough and quit. Then the next day you will get her and come'.
He must have said it.
Have a little mercy, look at how old I am.
You could outrun everyone, Nejat Sarslimaz. We don't have mercy. Empathy? None.
Look at this hooligan.
Where did you learn this phrase?
In "Hababam Sinifi".
That film is all about you: mischief, diabolical luck, escaping from your job. Everything is there.
Who's winning? I'll choose my side according to it.
Come on son, your brother is beating me.
Surprise me once, Nejat.
But Dad, even with my brother, the results will not change.
I can beat you both.
Remember, Doruk, who laughs last, laughs best.
You can not win every game.
Pot.
But it depends on one thing.
What is it? I'm curious.
Only if the winner is not my brother.
Guys, then, whoever catches this one, wins.
If the mother discovers what I've been doing, she would crush me like hazelnuts in shell, without any mercy.
Frankly, my dear, I think you should tell the truth.
I mean, when you explained in this morning, she was softer and listened to you.
This is Aunt Emine. If you marinaded her in kindness for 3 days, she wouldn't soften.
Who has died of sincerity?
Truth can not always be said.
Girls, don't start again. It doesn't matter if I tell or not, this will explode in my face someday.
Exactly.
It won't.
The girl knows 4 languages! 4! My English is this: Alright, Okay, Yes, No.
There isn't a place she hasn't been and I do not even have a passport.
That human misery will not ask for anything but work anyway but if I face Mr Nejat, I don't know what I'd do.
Plus, just looking at her social media will be enough.
You're lucky that you don't have to get plastic surgery. She hasn't posted photo's of her online and any other accounts are private.
You sly fox, for the past 2 hours, you've been inspecting her social media accounts?!
Exactly. I think it's more useful than breaking nuts.
I love you. Any other information?
Well, I mean,
from now on you are an animal lover and addicted to nature.
Your accounts are full of wings and beaks.
Girls, I don't think she has a normal brain.
That is an unknown bird, Suna.
We must see it.
It comes once every five years and stays for only 3 days. It is so unknown that it doesn't have a name.
There is only one thing I know: I'm finished.
How do I tell my father that I did not get the job.
Maybe you should leave him a voicemail.
So far, I lived after my father's wishes.
But I've had enough. Just to teach me a lesson, he sent me with that resume for a job as an assistant.
I'm going to go now and tell him 'It's up to here.' Let him be upset a bit.
But he has a heart ..
No, Gokce, he has no heart.
What about my heart broken, Gokce? Who will think of it? This matter will be closed tonight.
Murat.
I want back the calories that I've burned.
This thing known as sports makes me gain weight, son.
I'm as hungry as a fox again. What should we make?
Later, okay, Dad? I go home now and get ready for an important meeting tomorrow.
I waited to tell you goodbye.
Don't go, son. Let work wait. Can life pass like this?
Work can wait?
Mr. Nejat, work can't wait, I learnt that from you.
That is true, but when you're older, your priorities change, son.
Therefore, I must retire.
Alright, leave. But, I was going to call Kemal. Maybe you'd like to talk to him before you leave.
You can share your observations about his daughter in front of him.
It is better if I don't, trust me. Plus you know I don't like to lie.
So the situation is so bad to explain.
The girl just started and her resume is good.
Well, her first performance showed me that I keep my expectations.
Now excuse me, I gotta go.
OK Bye.
But..
Stay true to your word, you've me promised a meal.
And I am aware that the student has become the master, Murat.
I am proud of you, don't forget this.
My pride, my picture of contentment, I can not tell you how proud I am as a father.
Dad, I...
No, no, my child. My little daughter has grown up and got a job!
Yes, work well ..
You love it, right?
Textiles; it's a colored sector?
Father.
We have to talk.
Look who's calling, your uncle Nejat.
Nejat, how are you?
Thank you. Suna and I were just talking about you.
Very nice, very nice.
Look, that's good, now I feel relieved. I'll arrange it before I leave. Take care.
Did you not get upset?
On the contrary, I am happy.
Nejat uncle liked you.
Nejat uncle...
Me?
He said that I grew a fine, respecting little girl. He was really happy with your chat, by the way.
Our chat?
Yes, you spoke in the morning.
I have to go for 30 minutes and until I get back, stay away from important things. Answer the phone, but make no promises.
And Mr Murat wants to see you, I'm late.
Let's hope for the best
It won't take long. Once I find out what is going on, I'll come back.
What could be going on, dear, maybe your dad misunderstood.
I left without encountering anyone, so who is that person who has met with Nejat uncle?
Yes, it is a little odd.
I will return after I solve the mystery.
Enter.
Take this.
What is this?
I don't know, I mean, it looks like a key to me.
I understood that much. I meant what am I supposed to do with it?
Oh, but I guess, it opens doors.
This is the key for the archive where old creations are stored.
So will it stay with me?
No, you will stay there.
So after yesterday's torture with the stairs,
am I going to organise shelves?
Its interesting how you see labor as punishment.
I recommend seeing a therapist.
I came to see Suna Pektas.
I saw her going into Mr Murat's office.
You can wait here if you want.
Okay, thank you.
You have to organize the archive.
Organize?
Maybe you should see an aurist after therapy.
Drawings in the first 20 years are in documents.
Transfer them on to the the system.
One by one?
If you can, take ten out of ten.
What is your problem with me?
Well, I know my father said show me mercy.
This has nothing to do with your father.
So you're saying that this is your overall attitude.
Look, I don't see a problem and when it comes
to work I have only one attitude: professionalism.
If you want to be my assistant, you should know what work is.
I tell you enter files into a system, but you have absolutely no idea about it.
I repeat: do not ask, execute.
Fine.
Do not ask, execute. You have no idea about the world of work.
You have no idea how to be human, what we do?
I'm not an assistant here, I'm withstanding torture!
He is not the boss, he is a demon from hell.
What evil did I do to get into the hands of this creature?
Suna probably felt it, that's why she left.
Hi.
I came to see my Pektas Call.
I am Suna Pektas.
What a coincidence, so am I.
Miss Suna?
Yes?
Translation: serialeturcestitraduse